docs/src/what next.md, before:

- [x] first class support wiki notation for mansion file
- [ ] placeholder in string Template that not have variables rise popup window with user input modal
- [ ] in input if expertion is empty replace it with `@@input`
- [ ] support for multi componets in the same input block
	- [ ] that components Short connect to each other with the shared variable
- [ ] Support for memory target
- [ ] add new placeholder syntax with @@ or something not paired like `{{}}`
- [ ] improve reloading or disable of the plugin . remove global callbacks
- [ ] Inline field auto update the closes one when there is multi field with same name
- [ ] `import` must be before try to import a file in `decodeAndRun`
- [ ] syntax highlight Input Notation
- [x] implement rename for file
- [ ] implement rename for header
- [ ] implement rename for inline Field
- [ ] implement rename for frontmatter
- [ ] implement multi Input Notation in-one code Input block
- [ ] add basic documentation for API functions
- [ ] share core function also in the scope of file or eval-expertion
- [ ] fix: file rename value are relative to target file
	- [ ] . `/path` is mean path be absolute.
	- [ ] `../path` get one folder back .
	- [ ] `./path` do not do anything
- [ ] build screen to show data of page (and context file)
	- [ ] add to that page all api function

Commit message:

1) when comparing header for type `header` if pattern is there we ignore it 2) implement inject field into line as part of stringTemplate 3) fix button remove,clear

docs/src/what next.md, after:

- [x] first class support wiki notation for mansion file
- [ ] rise a popup window for note exist `ctx var` with user inputs modal
- [x] in input if expertion is empty replace it with `@@input`
- [ ] support for multi components in the same input block
	- [ ] that components Short connect to each other with the shared variable
- [ ] Support for memory target
- [x] add new placeholder syntax with @@ or something not paired like `{{}}`
- [ ] improve reloading or disable of the plugin . remove global callbacks
- [ ] Inline field auto update the closes one when there is multi field with same name
- [ ] `import` must be before try to import a file in `decodeAndRun`
- [ ] syntax highlight Input Notation
- [x] implement rename for file
- [ ] implement rename for header
- [ ] implement rename for inline Field
- [ ] implement rename for frontmatter
- [ ] implement multi Input Notation in-one code Input block
- [ ] add basic documentation for API functions
- [ ] share core function also in the scope of file or eval-expertion
- [ ] fix: file rename value are relative to target file
	- [ ] . `/path` is mean path be absolute.
	- [ ] `../path` get one folder back .
	- [ ] `./path` do not do anything
- [ ] build screen to show data of page (and context file)
	- [ ] add to that page all api function
- [x] make it work on mobile
- [ ] upload this doc to google doc
- [ ] tell GPT to write Relese note
- [ ] add new type of syntax variable that create inline input in the result
- [ ] add by me coffee or patirun to this list
